{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh17940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EN\
\
During ANRT research programme Gotico-Antiqua, Proto-Roman, Hybrid (http://gotico-antiqua.anrt-nancy.fr), Rafael Ribas & Alexis Faudot produced fourteen fonts and one set of initial letters. Based on a series of workshop sessions conducted between 2015 and 2018 in art & design schools across France and Germany, with over 150 students, the digital typefaces are the result of a thorough analysis and redesign of the originals.
\f1\b  
\f0\b0 \
\
Zainer Initials, richly decorated gothic initials of 45 mm height, cut in Ulm by Johann Zainer for the
\f2\i  Spiritual Interpretations of the Life of Jesus Christ
\f0\i0  around 1478. Used until 1480. Type design workshop at Hochschule Aachen and Stadtbibliothek Aachen, October 2017.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
FR\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Dans le cadre du programme de recherche \cf0 Gotico-Antiqua, Proto-Romain, Hybride (http://gotico-antiqua.anrt-nancy.fr), Rafael Ribas & Alexis Faudot \cf2 Rafael Ribas, \'e9tudiants-chercheurs \'e0 l'ANRT (2017-2019), ont produit quatorze fontes et un ensemble de lettres initiales. Fond\'e9s sur une s\'e9rie d'ateliers men\'e9s entre 2015 et 2018 dans des \'e9coles d'art et de design en France et en Allemagne, r\'e9unissant plus de 150 \'e9tudiants, ces fontes num\'e9riques sont le r\'e9sultat d'une analyse approfondie et d'une refonte des originaux. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Zainer Initials, initiales gothiques richement d\'e9cor\'e9es de 45 mm de hauteur, grav\'e9es \'e0 Ulm par Johann Zainer pour les 
\f2\i Interpr\'e9tations spirituelles de la vie de J\'e9sus-Christ
\f0\i0  vers 1478. Utilis\'e9es jusqu'en 1480. Atelier de cr\'e9ation de caract\'e8res \'e0 la Hochschule Aachen et \'e0 la Stadtbibliothek Aachen, octobre 2017.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}